Curriculum overview
  - week 1 && 2: FOCAL
  - Week 3: Back end
  - Week 4: Front end
  - Week 5: data persistence
  - week 6: Midterms 

Thats' all the stuff we need for the full stack developer
this is the first half of the course

  - Week 7 - 8: React - the most popular front end currently
    - React is component based, meaning we can easily translate
    the skills to other similar front end 
  - week 9 - 10: Job simulation, Ruby/Rails - we will finish
  a partially given project. Learn to navigate through folders,
  etc. How do I learn just enough to get through the project.
  This is how the industry works.
  - Week 11- 12: Finals!

  Week 9-10 is only time not using JS!

  There will be 3 tech interviews
  weeks 2, 4, 9. 
  
  Every friday we have exams! instead of lectures.

  Career services from W5 onwards



Compass: 
 Dont take it as a source of knowledge, or teaching material. It's more a todo list,
 a tool to tell us what we are going to do today.
 Use google to find out the knowledge you need!
 Watch youtube, read info, docs. Learn to be independent 
 to find infomation like in real life!

Real life will be like the description in the Compass. Ie. problem
given by boss - we need a function to do x/y.

 As such, the compass activities will become intentionally
 more and more vague. So that you can learn to self teach.


Problem solving process:

We will work through this process slowly and figure it out.


Tips:

use own numbers as array instead of command line arg every time.
saves us time

for of and for in loops are great!

arrays are great for scaleability. often unlimited === time to use an array

you can think of strings as arrays!
ie.
const message = 'hello world'; 

for (const char of message) {
  console.log(char) // will output each letter
}

however, you cant use most array methods on strings.

git workflow

end of session

cd into my main directory

git remote -v // will show me my fetch(pull) and push 
git status // shows me what i changed
git add . // adds everything down here.
git status // shows what is commited - do this check to 
make sure i didn't git add anything i dont want to
git reset // remove everything added to the working stage
git push origin master - in work we would always push to our own 
branch ie bug-fixs , dennis/branch, or things like that
the origin is the name of where the online repo is -
ie the remote is named origin 
if i did git remote add something-else http....
then git remote -v will show new remote location

if acccidentally commitedsomething, then just reverse what you did,
then commit again. Easiest way, but try not to commmit a mistake.
thats why check what you commit prior to committing.




